Bump BUC version (#1441)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/service-catalog/docs/040-cr-service-binding-usage.md

|:----------:|:-------------:|:------|
| **metadata.name** |    **YES**   | Specifies the name of the CR. |
| **metadata.namespace** |    **YES**   | Specifies the Namespace in which the CR is created. |

> | **metadata.ownerReferences** |    **YES**   | Contains an ownerReference to the binding specified at **spec.serviceBindingRef.name** field if the binding exist. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **metadata.ownerReferences** |    **YES**   | Contains an ownerReference to the binding specified in the **spec.serviceBindingRef.name** field. Applies only if the binding exists. |
```
